Now that we've installed a bunch of dependencies, we're going to start to wired them all up inside
of our service.
A lot of the configuration that we're about to add in is all about just getting just which is our test
runner to start up inside of our project and give it some basic configuration to tell it how to test
everything inside of here.
We're going to first get started inside the package JSON file inside of here.
I'm going to find the script section and I'm going to add in a new script called Test.
Whenever we run test, we're going to execute the command.
Just dash, dash, watch.
ALL Dash, dash.
No cache like so.
So this is going to start up jest.
That's going to tell it to run all the different tests inside of our project whenever any file changes.
The no cash flag right here is related to our attempt to try to use TypeScript with jest.
Just does not have TypeScript support out of the box and sometimes just is going to get really confused.
Understanding when we change a typescript file.
This no cache flag right here is going to add just a little bit of a fix that's going to catch some
issues that you're going to see are going to start to arise.
Any time we try to change a TypeScript file and you're going to see that sometimes just does not always
recognize those changes.
So the no cache flag right there is to address that little issue.
Then after our entire script section, we're going to add in another configuration block for just itself.
Inside of here.
We're going to add in a pre set of these just so again just does not understand what TypeScript is we
installed a dependency called just that is going to add in TypeScript support for us.
We'll then set up a test environment flag of node.
Do double check your spelling on environment, make sure you've got RN and then im easy word to misspell.
And then finally, we're going to add in, set up files after E and V.
So we are going to tell Jess to run a setup file inside of our project after it initially starts everything
up.
Inside this setup file, we're going to put together a couple of different helpers just to make facilitating
writing our tests a lot easier.
So we're going to tell this thing to try to run the file in the current working directory.
So in the SRC folder, in the test folder called setup, it's.
Okay.
So let's save this.
We're then going to go ahead and create this setup file.
So again, we're going to do a little bit of initial setup inside there.
We're going to start up MongoDB memory server.
We're going to get Mongoose to connect to it and a couple of other associated things inside of my CRC
directory.
I'm going to make a new folder called Test and then inside there I'll make a file called Set Updates.
All right.
At the very top, I'm going to import a couple of different things.
I'm going to get MongoDB or just Mongo memory server from MongoDB memory server.
I'm going to import Mongoose.
I'm going to import app.
So that is our express application that we just moved over to that new app file.
And I think that should be pretty much it for right now.
So then inside of here, we're going to make sure that before all of our different tests start up,
we're going to create a new instance of this MongoDB memory server.
Again, this is going to start up a copy of MongoDB in Memory.
This is going to allow us to run multiple different test suites at the same time across different projects
without them all trying to reach out to the same copy of Mongo.
Mongo memory server also gives us direct memory access or essentially direct access to this MongoDB
database, which is going to eventually be a little bit handy for a couple of other reasons as well.
So to create an instance of this before all of our test set up, we're going to define a hook function.
We're going to write out before all asin an arrow function, and we will mark that arrow function as
async.
Again we referred to before all as a hook function.
What are we passed inside of here?
That function is going to run before all of our tests start to be executed.
So inside of here we can start to start up MongoDB memory server and then have Mongoose connect to it.
So we're going to put inside of here.
Mongo.
Is New Mongo memory server.
We're then going to take a look at the memory server that was just created, and we're trying to go
in to try to get the URL to connect to it.
So we'll say mongo.
You are I is a weight.
Margo start yet?
You try.
After that, we're going to tell Mongoose to connect to this in-memory server.
So we'll do await Mongoose Connect.
We'll give it that URI to connect to.
So Mongo Yuri And then we will pass in some configuration options to this thing as well.
These options are going to pass in.
Don't really do a whole lot.
They're just going to make sure that Mongoose does not complain about some related stuff or some behind
the scenes stuff going on.
So let's say new use.
New URL parser.
True.
Use unified topology true as well.
Okay.
So it looks good.
After that, we're going to put together another little configuration block.
So this is a hook that's going to run before all of our tests are then going to put together another
hook of before each.
So this is going to be a function that's going to run before each of our tests are going to mark this
thing as async as well before each test starts.
We're going to reach into this MongoDB database and we're going to delete or essentially reset all the
data inside there.
To do so.
We're going to use Mongoose to take a look at all the different connections that exist inside this Mongo.
And we're going to delete all those different collections.
So inside of here, we'll write out.
Elections is a wait don't forget that await mongoose NextGen GB elections.
That's going to get us all the different collections that exist.
We're then going to loop over them and tell them to delete all the data inside.
So again, this is just going to reset all of our data.
And between each test that we run, we'll do a four let collection of collections.
And then await election dot delete.
Many will pass in an empty object.
And then finally, we're going to make sure that after we finish running all of our different tests,
we need to stop that MongoDB memory server.
And we're also going to tell Mongoose to disconnect from it as well.
So we'll do that inside of a.
After all.
And as you guess, this is a hook that's going to run.
After all of our tests are complete.
We will mark this as async and then inside do and await mongo dot stop.
And in a weight mongoose connection.
Close.
Now, one little issue here.
We're trying to access the Mongo database that we had created inside the scope of this function up here.
So the Mongo variable is not in the scope of, after all, because it had been defined inside this Interscope.
So to get this working, we need to declare that variable ahead of time.
So we'll say, let mongo.
I'm going to annotate as type as any for right now.
I'll then delete the concert right there.
And now we should be able to access mongo right there as well.
Yet looks like the error went away.
All right.
So I know that we went through all this setup very quickly, but this was just a little bit of stuff
that pretty much had to be done.
If you needed to replicate this all on your own project, well, you would end up taking a look at the
documentation and getting a better idea of what's going on.
We'll talk about some more config inside of here over time.
And we are going to actually have to come back and add in some additional code very quickly as we start
to write out our first test and realize that what we've got inside of here is good, but could be a
little bit better.
In particular, you'll notice that the import for the app is unused right now.
We are going to eventually come back and make use of it so we can just leave it there for right now.
All right, so that we've got enough setup, put together one more pause and we'll start to write out
our first test in just a moment.